welcome back to recapped today i am
going to be showing you a horror slash
mystery film from 2021 titled old
spoilers ahead watch out and take care
the film opens with the kappa family
arriving at a fancy resort for a family
vacation after settling into their rooms
trent befriends a young boy named idlib
and they do activities like ask other
resort patrons what their names and jobs
are and idlib shows trend a special code
to decipher messages meanwhile guy and
prisca discuss that this is just one
last trip they wanted to give the kids
before they divorce which is made worse
because prisca is suffering from a
stomach tumor at breakfast a doctor
named charles is sitting with his
younger vein wife crystal daughter cara
and his mother agnes nearby a woman
named patricia is having an epileptic
seizure which charles helps with while
her husband jaron also tries to help
tren also spots it lib as they made
plans to hang out again that day but the
resort manager makes him leave the area
the kappas plus charles and his family
all board a van that takes them to a
private beach
there maddox recognizes a rapper
mid-sized sedan the kids all play
together while the adults lounge on the
sand
the girls find old dolls buried in the
sand left behind by other kids
trent swims by a cave when he discovers
the body of brendan's companion
apparently having drowned the adults
examine the body while brendan is
suffering from nosebleeds and is equally
stunned at the discovery charles
suspects brendan of foul play though he
maintains that the woman only went for a
swim and never came back
not long after agnes begins to fall
short of breath before she also dies the
kids also start to experience something
weird brendan explains to the adults
that the woman he was with had multiple
sclerosis while he has hemophilia which
explains his constant nosebleeds jaron
and patricia talked to trent and maddox
who have suddenly aged up along with
cara several attempts are made to leave
the beach by going through the rocks
that close off the beach from the
outside but all the adults that attempt
to pass through feel a pounding in their
heads before they black out and end up
back on the beach they also notice
unusual things like when charles attacks
brendan with a knife the slash mark
heals within seconds the group then
realized that there is something
time-related occurring on the beach
suddenly the tumor in prisca's stomach
starts to cause her pain in distress the
adults try to help her with them feeling
around for the tumor at first and
describing it as the size of a golf ball
they proceed to perform a surgery to
remove the tumor which has now grown to
the size of a cantaloupe the cut in
prisca's stomach heals rapidly after the
procedure tren and kara age up even more
and kara has somehow become five months
pregnant within a matter of minutes the
adults prepare themselves for the birth
which happens rather quickly but the
baby dies after a minute due to lack of
attention the other adults start to show
more visible signs of aging but crystal
takes the process much harder than the
others
charles starts to lose his mind to
schizophrenia leading him to stab
brendan to death the others take his
weapon away while trying to come up with
an alternate plan of escape knowing they
can't go through the rocks jaren
attempts to swim to find a way out
maddox talks to prisca about whether or
not she and guy are splitting up prisca
admits that she was seeing another man
although prisca tries to explain herself
maddox is angry with her she goes out to
the beach and attempts to be strong and
find a way out herself but she finds
jaron's body apparently having gone
unconscious and drowned upon seeing his
body patricia suffers a fatal seizure
cara then desperately tries to find a
way out and starts climbing up the rocks
to try and make it to the top but before
she can make it high enough she blacks
out and falls to her death leaving trent
devastated it is now nighttime
charles has become fully unhinged while
crystal is also losing her mind at her
rapid aging and declining physical state
guy is also losing his eyesight and
prisca is noticeably grayer charles then
starts to attack guy and prisca while
trent and maddox are attacked by crystal
when they try to look at her she follows
them into the cave and her body becomes
twisted and contorted to horrible angles
before she dies there prisca then
slashes charles with a rusty knife
causing an infection that rapidly
spreads through his body and kills him
the kappas then gather around the
campfire in the beach the now elderly
guy is having a hard time speaking and
remembering things but he essentially
admits to prisca that he still loves her
just before he dies prisca then stands
up for a moment but collapses and dies
by guy's side while both kids mourn
their parents in the morning trend and
maddox are now in their 50s
trent brings up a code that idlib gave
him which he deciphered and figured out
means my uncle doesn't like the coral
the sibling spot a coral reef nearby and
realized that it must be their way out
the two swim out there but maddox's
clothing gets stuck on the coral when
the two don't resurface the van driver
that brought the families to the beach
reports to his bosses that all members
of trial 73 have perished it is then
revealed that the resort is a front for
a medical research team that lures
people with medical conditions to the
beach in order to perform clinical
trials for life-saving drugs given to
them in the cocktails served upon
arriving they know that the supernatural
beach speeds up the aging process so
they reduce the trials to a whole day
for better results they believe they
cured patricia's epilepsy since she
didn't have a seizure for eight hours
which is equivalent to about 16 years on
the beach trent finds a man he spoke to
when he was still a kid knowing the man
is a police officer he hands the man the
journal found on the beach which details
the names of many missing people and
their medical conditions idlib comes out
and recognizes trent even as an adult
authorities come to arrest all the
resort employees while the officer takes
trent and maddox to be with their aunt
who is not ready to see that her niece
and nephew are full grown adults
make sure to subscribe and turn on post
notifications for more videos like this
thanks for watching